QA opentofu provider (#1793)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: managing_providers/_topics/automation_management_providers.md

If you selected a service dialog to run when creating the button, {{ site.data.product.title_short }} will then prompt you to enter variables to complete the task. After entering your desired parameters, {{ site.data.product.title_short }} takes you to the **Requests** page.

The service item’s details can be viewed in menu: **Services > My Services** in {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.

## OpenTofu

OpenTofu is an open source infrastructure as code tool, which can be used to build, change, and version the infrastructure. You can use OpenTofu to define infrastructure resources in human-readable configuration files that you can use to version, reuse, and share.

OpenTofu is built into {{ site.data.product.title_short }} so you do not need to install any additional components. 

If you want to use the Embedded Terraform feature in {{ site.data.product.title_short }} that is deployed as a virtual machine appliance, then you need to manually import the Terraform image on an appliance:

## Importing OpenTofu image on an appliance

> **Note**: Follow this section if you have {{ site.data.product.title_short }} that is deployed as a virtual machine appliance. These steps are not applicable to {{ site.data.product.title_short }} that is deployed as a containerized deployment (podified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Follow this section if you have {{ site.data.product.title_short }} deployed as a virtual appliance. These steps are not applicable to a containerized deployment (podified) of {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.
```

Use the following command to import the OpenTofu image on your appliance server.

``` bash
runuser --login manageiq --command 'podman --root=/var/www/miq/vmdb/data/containers/storage image load --input /tmp/<OpenTofu_image>'
```

Where `OpenTofu_image` is the name of your OpenTofu image.

``` bash
runuser --login manageiq --command 'podman --root=/var/www/miq/vmdb/data/containers/storage image load --input /tmp/infra-mgmt-opentofu-runner_PR-110-204033d-20240521-x86_64.tar'

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think we need this as that image isn't something which would be publicly available (it was from a PR not a release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You also need to set the docker image name in advanced settings page before enabling the server role. Navigate to the **Settings** > **Application Settings** in {{ site.data.product.title_short }} UI and set the value for `container_image` field.

Reviewer: > and set the value for `container_image` field.

I think we need to give the entire settings path not just container_image, it is entirely possible we might have other workers that are backed by a container_image in the future.

An example value of this field is `container_image: docker.io/manageiq/opentofu-runner:latest`.

## Usage of Embedded Terraform (OpenTofu)

The following sections show the usage of Embedded Terraform in {{ site.data.product.title_short }}. The following sections apply to {{ site.data.product.title_short }} that is deployed as a containerized deployment (podified) and {{ site.data.product.title_short }} that is deployed as a virtual machine appliance:

1. Enable the Embedded Terraform server role.
2. Add a source control repository that contains your templates.

> 3. Add credentials for your cloud providers.

Reviewer: Just "for your providers" is probably sufficient

> 3. Add credentials for your cloud providers.

Author: I wrote this sentence again. Please verify.

> 4. Create a Service Catalog item with the wanted Terraform template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a Service Catalog item with the desired Terraform template.
```

### Enabling the Embedded Terraform Server Role

> In {{ site.data.product.title_short }}, the Embedded Terraform server role is disabled by default. Enable this server role to use Terraform Automation Inside.

Reviewer: Could we use "Embedded Terraform (OpenTofu)" instead of "Terraform Automation Inside" ?  I assume this came from Ansible Inside but we don't call it this anywhere else

To enable the Embedded Terraform Server Role, use the following steps:

1. Browse to the settings menu, and click **Configuration** > **Settings**.

> 2. Select the wanted server under **Zones**.

Reviewer: "wanted server" sounds weird here, maybe "desired server" or better yet "select the server you intend to run the OpenTofu Runner" or something like that

3. Set the **Server Role** for **Embedded Terraform** to `On`.

### Verifying the Embedded Terraform worker state

Verify that the Embedded Terraform worker is started to use its features:

1. Browse to the settings menu, then click **Configuration** > **Diagnostics** and click the server that you want to choose.
2. Click **Roles by Servers** tab.

A table of all workers and their status appears from which you can confirm the state of your Embedded Terraform worker.

### Adding a Template Repository

To enable {{ site.data.product.title_short }} to discover and use your Terraform templates, add a repository to store and manage your templates. Use the following steps to add a repository:

1. Browse to the menu and click **Automation > Embedded Terraform > Repositories**.

2. Click **Configuration**, then ![Add New Repository](../images/1862.png) (**Add New Repository**).

3. Provide a Repository Name in the **Name** field.

4. Add a description for the repository in the **Description** field.

> 5. Add a **URL** or IP address for the repository.

Reviewer: I think it _has_ to be a URL, even if you use an IP address and not a hostname it will still have the scheme and optionally the port

> 6. Select the appropriate **SCM Credentials** from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: Have we covered creating SCM credentials before this step?  Maybe before `Browse to the menu and click **Automation > Embedded Terraform > Repositories**.` we say "if your repository requires credentials for access you have to create SCM credentials" and then cover how to add those credentials before we get to the "Add a repository" step

> 7. Provide a branch name in the **SCM Branch** field.

Reviewer: We should say this is optional and will default to "master"

8. Click **Save**.

When you sync a repository, the Terraform templates become available to {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.

### Refreshing Repositories

> You can use {{ site.data.product.title_short }} to refresh targeted Terraform templates or all repositories in your inventory to make sure that your templates are up to date.

Reviewer: I think it should be "refresh a specific Terraform repository" not "templates".  We can't sync individual templates and the alternative here talks about repositories anyway.

```suggestion
You can use {{ site.data.product.title_short }} to refresh specific Terraform repositories or all repositories in your inventory to make sure that your templates are up to date.
```

Use the following steps to refresh a specific repository:

1. Browse to the menu and click **Automation > Embedded Terraform > Repositories**.

2. Click a repository.

3. Click **Configuration**, then ![Refresh this Repository](../images/2003.png) (**Refresh this Repository**).

> Alternately, you can refresh some or all of the repositories from the list view:

Reviewer 2: Super-minor

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can refresh some or all of the repositories from the list view:
```

Alternately really means like "going back and forth; one after another" vs Alternatively which means "as another option"

> 1. Browse to the menu and click **Automation > Embedded Terraform > Repositories**.

Reviewer 2: Super-minor

```suggestion
1. Browse to the menu and click **Automation** > **Embedded Terraform** > **Repositories**.
```

2. Select the repositories that you want to refresh. Click **Check All** to select all repositories.

3. Click **Configuration**, then ![Refresh Selected Terraform Templates Repositories](../images/2003.png) (**Refresh Selected Ansible Repositories**).

> {% include_relative _topics/opentofu_credentials.md %}

Reviewer: Just curious, was this extracted as an include for organizational reasons or are you expecting to include it somewhere else in the future?

Author: Yeah for organizational reasons. Following the same pattern for ansible credentials page. :)

   - Enter a **Name** for the service catalog item.

   - Select **Display** in **Catalog**.

   - In Catalog, select the catalog that you created previously.

   - In Provisioning, select the repository that you previously added and select the Terraform template that you want to deploy.

   - In Provisioning, select the **Cloud Type** and then select the **credential** to connect to the cloud.

   - In Provisioning, select the **Service Dialog** that you created previously. If you want to enter additional information when you run the task, **Service Dialog** must be selected. A dialog is required if **Display in Catalog** is chosen.

6. Click **Save**.

The catalog item that you created appears in the *All Service Catalog Items* list.

#### Run the Terraform Template:

Use the following steps to run the Terraform Template.

1. In the navigation bar, click **Service** > **Catalogs** > **Service Catalogs** > **created catalog**.

2. Click **Order** for the catalog item.

3. Enter any variables that are requested and click **Submit**.

{{ site.data.product.title_short }} takes you to the *Requests queue* page and displays the status of the job.

> The service item details can be viewed when you navigate to **Services** > **My Services in Infrastructure Automation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service item details can be viewed when you navigate to **Services** > **My Services in {{ site.data.product.title_short }}**.
```
